docs/Schedule.md, before:

# Schedule

## Thursday March 7

- **9:00 AM** _60 minutes_ Registration & Breakfast
- **10:00 AM** _10 minutes_ Welcome with Jeff Casimir
- **10:15 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Vaidehi Joshi
- **11:00 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Tiffani Ashley Bell
- **11:50 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Keavy McMinn
- **12:30 PM** _60 minutes_ Lunch
- **1:30 PM** _20 minutes_ Reconvene
- **1:50 PM** _40 minutes_ Session with Katrina Owen
- **2:40 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **3:30 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **4:20 PM** _10 minutes_ Day 1 Closing
- **4:30 PM** _120 minutes_ Social & Happy Hour

## Friday March 8

- **9:00 AM** _60 minutes_ Registration & Breakfast
- **10:00 AM** _10 minutes_ Day 2 Welcome with Jeff Casimir
- **10:15 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Aaron Patterson
- **11:00 AM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **11:50 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Cat Noone
- **12:30 PM** _60 minutes_ Lunch
- **1:30 PM** _20 minutes_ Reconvene
- **1:50 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **2:40 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **3:30 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **4:20 PM** _10 minutes_ Conference Closing & Thanks

Commit message:

Add Marty, Nadia, and Nick to the schedule

docs/Schedule.md, after:

# Schedule

## Thursday March 7

- **9:00 AM** _60 minutes_ Registration & Breakfast
- **10:00 AM** _10 minutes_ Welcome with Jeff Casimir
- **10:15 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Vaidehi Joshi
- **11:00 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Tiffani Ashley Bell
- **11:50 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Keavy McMinn
- **12:30 PM** _60 minutes_ Lunch
- **1:30 PM** _20 minutes_ Reconvene
- **1:50 PM** _40 minutes_ Session with Katrina Owen
- **2:40 PM** _40 minutes_ Session with Marty Haught
- **3:30 PM** _40 minutes_ Session with Nick Means
- **4:20 PM** _10 minutes_ Day 1 Closing
- **4:30 PM** _120 minutes_ Social & Happy Hour

## Friday March 8

- **9:00 AM** _60 minutes_ Registration & Breakfast
- **10:00 AM** _10 minutes_ Day 2 Welcome with Jeff Casimir
- **10:15 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Aaron Patterson
- **11:00 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Nadia Odunaya
- **11:50 AM** _40 minutes_ Session with Cat Noone
- **12:30 PM** _60 minutes_ Lunch
- **1:30 PM** _20 minutes_ Reconvene
- **1:50 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **2:40 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **3:30 PM** _40 minutes_ Session To Be Announced
- **4:20 PM** _10 minutes_ Conference Closing & Thanks
